#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    Use the "Run workflow" button at https://github.com/2i2c-org/binderhub-service/actions/workflows/watch-dependencies.yaml
#
alembic==1.14.1
    # via jupyterhub
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
binderhub @ git+https://github.com/jupyterhub/binderhub@main
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
certipy==0.2.1
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via certipy
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via opentelemetry-api
docker==7.1.0
    # via binderhub
durationpy==0.9
    # via kubernetes
escapism==1.0.1
    # via binderhub
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
google-api-core==2.24.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   kubernetes
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-core==2.4.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-logging==3.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.68.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyterhub
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyterhub
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyter-events
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyterhub==5.2.1
    # via binderhub
kubernetes==32.0.1
    # via binderhub
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
opentelemetry-api==1.30.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterhub
pamela==1.2.0
    # via jupyterhub
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyterhub
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycurl==7.45.4
    # via binderhub
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via jupyterhub
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via binderhub
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kubernetes
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via kubernetes
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyterhub
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   binderhub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterhub
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
